---
title: Mario Movie, Carnival, and a New Job!
description: This past weekend was quite the busy one for me! On Friday I got through the last of the bureaucratic red tape that needed addressed before I could start working at a job I got accepted at. Then Saturday was a big BIG day...
date: 2023-04-10 12:00:00
tags: journal
---
### Tags: [Journal](/blog/tag/journal)
This past weekend was quite the busy one for me! On Friday I got through the last of the bureaucratic red tape that needed addressed before I could start working at a job I got accepted at. Then Saturday was a big BIG day. My immediate family decided to celebrate Easter on Saturday instead, so I left with dad for his house. We stopped by a candy store for some last-second Easter basket items (I got some chocolate filled "taiyaki", in quotation marks as it was actually made with wafer cookie, and a bottle of Peach Ramune that I ended up not liking lol), then had Easter "Dinner" at lunch time.

After that, we got to see the Super Mario Bros Movie!

Some spoiler free comments: it was really good! I liked it a lot. The animation, music, and world were all wonderful as were all of the small nods to various Mario games. Voices for the characters were also better than I anticipated, at worst they were passable. It wasn't perfect, of course, the characters were fairly flat and simple, and the pacing was kinda fast. It was clear they wanted to put as much stuff as they could into the movie, as to try and properly represent a 37 year old franchise in a one and a half hour long movie. It's stupid fun, not a masterpiece, and sometimes that's all you need. It also goes without saying that Browser is the best part of it.

<details>
  <summary><strong>(Minor) Mario Movie Spoilers</strong></summary>
    <div><p>One thing I really appreciate is a joke that the trailers hid from us - Bowser's crush on Peach. It would have been so easy to put one of those early scenes in the trailers, as it wouldn't really spoil anything and it certainly would have helped sales. Yet, they kept it a surprise for us, and I adore that so much. Bowser even sings a love song for our Princess, which you can tell Jack Black had fun singing. In general, you can tell he had fun playing Bowser. However, there was a huge missed opportunity in my opinion: at one point, Bowser is practicing his confession towards the audience, only for the camera to turn and show Kamek dressed up as Peach being the one he's practicing with. Good joke. Would have been better if it was with an annoyed Luigi though, just saying.</p>
    <p>On that note, part of the reason why Bowser wants to fight Mario is pure jealousy. He thinks that Peach has a crush on Mario. It is implied that the two may have feelings for each other, but it doesn't go anywhere. Mario doesn't "win" the girl at the end, he and Peach don't become an item. Instead, Mario gets what he said he wanted at the start - to save people, to save his brother, and get the respect of the rest of his family. I like that a lot</p></div>
</details>

I could keep going on with specific scenes but I'd be going on for far longer than needed then. So I'll just cut it here. A solid 80% for this movie.

When we were on our way back to dad's house after the movie, we spotted a carnival that was set up in town. So we figured, what the hell, lets make it a day and go there. It was pretty fun; I didn't ride any rides as they freak me out, but I did play and even win some games! Walked out with four prizes >:3 More importantly, I got to eat funnel cake for the first time in years. Made me feel sick, but it was so worth it.

Then Sunday was fairly chill. Just rested at home.

All in all, a good weekend! :D