---
title: I've Had Linux for Like 10 Days Now
description: I installed Linux on my personal laptop on the 20th. It went suprisingly smoothly. Too smoothly. I heard the stories; something had to go wrong. That something was 11ty, and it wasn't even a Linux spesific issue.
date: 2025-09-01 12:00:00
tags: ["siteupdates", "tech"]
---
## Tags: [Site Updates](/blog/tag/site-updates), [Tech](/blog/tag/tech)

I installed Linux on my personal laptop on the 20th. It went suprisingly smoothly. *Too* smoothly. I heard the stories; something had to go wrong. 

That something was 11ty, and it wasn't even a Linux spesific issue. Turns out that if you try to download an 11ty site from a git repo, it will often times just... fail to recognize your templates. It does this on Windows too. And that's what happened to me. It took a LONG time and many time-wasters of experiments to get 11ty going again because of this glitch. But at some point it decided to just behave so... here I am!

Okay, let's back up a bit. When looking for a Linux distro, I knew I wanted some flavor of [KDE](https://kde.org/). I was already a long time Krita user and the UI was overall very appealing and easy to "read" for me. Because this is baby's first Linux distro, I chose Kubuntu. I know that Ubuntu, the actual distro being ran, has its... issues. Unfortunantly, being "easy to use (for Linux)" was too high of a need for me. Again, baby's first. So that's what I'm running.

For more context, this laptop is an actual zombie. I got caught out in a rain strom with it one fine April. It was nearly destroyed; after fixing, even overheating slightly would cause it to shut down and the speakers stopped working. Then those issues just... went away one day. Some of the keys still don't work right, though. Bassically, you always have a chance to change Linux distros, but I *especially* do because only God knows when this thing will remember that it's suppsoed to be dead.

First thing I installed, LibreWolf. My prefered browser. Getting the whole AppArmor thing to play nice was a TASK. But I did it. And I felt smart. 

I also had the classic case of "Linux not knowing what to do with my headset when I plugged it in". One volume control porgram later and that problem was gone. 

Really, I've had few Linux issues. I've been playing it relatively safe and did choose an easy distro, but it's been... fine. Quirky at times, but *fine*. And honest to god, the quirks are so much more preferable than Windows' forced updates that reset my settings (gross) and that constantly shove CoPilot down my throat (GROSS).

I mean, I got Minecraft running on this thing. So that's something. And my computer hates it... about as much as it did before. Oh well.

I'm not sure if this counts as a Blaugust 2025 post, as it's now September... but that's why I'm late. Hopefully now that everything is set up, things will go much more smoothly. Hopefully. 

(Side note: I changed the font while I was switching the site around! It's much more versitile, so hopefully things will start looking better as I tweak the site more.)

## End of Post Website Checklist
- Add otherkin tag to blog
- Link hoard overhaul, at long last
- Replace the Unicode after every link with an SVG. 
- Code cleanup: improving HTML, CSS, and 11ty stuff.
- Compress images so they take up less storage space.
- Gallery for artwork! May come before code clean up if I feel like it.
- Long term shenanigans in adding emoji and switchable themes. Alt theme would be purple and with a clean/modern look, in case the scrap-book vibe makes reading difficult.  