---
title: Site Redesign Is ALMOST Done (And Public!)
description: The update is OUT! But there's still one more thing I need to do once 11ty stops being mean to me. UPDATE&#58; 11ty stopped being mean!
date: 2025-03-17 12:00:00
tags: siteupdates
---
## Tags: [Site Updates](/blog/tag/site-updates)

That's right, the site update is OUT. You should be able to see it now; if not, you may need to hard refresh your browser or clear your cache. 

Like I said before: the core layout is the exact same! Only the aestetics (and some credits) are now diffrent.

Oh! One thing I did add that's new is better embed support. So now linking this site to places will properly display a descripion and an image and stuff. Still tweaking that, too, but I like how it's going so far :3

 There are still some minor issues I'd like to find fixes for, such as the large amount of space above the buttons in the side bar (which is caused by the tape graphic - so I'll either need a smaller one or just no tape on that particular box). Overall, however, things are pretty much done.

That being said, there is something that has been broken on the site for a while that still needs to be fixed: tag pages.

You're supposed to be able to click on the above tag and be taken to a page that lists all other posts that have also been given that tag. These pages do not render properly and have never rendered properly. I attempted to fix this issue with this update. Because 11ty wasn't applying the template to these pages, I decided the best way for me to fix the issue was to simply delete the tag pages and remake them.

And then, uh, 11ty didn't recognize that I had deleted the pages. 

After poking around, I saw that while the pages were deleted from my `src` folder - the one you edit - they were not deleted from my `public` folder - the one actually used to render the site. My *hope* is that, by pushing the update now, 11ty will be able to see the diffrence and sort itself out. Otherwise I'll have a bug squashing session that's far above my pay grade.

So, uh, guess I'll update this post as I go along. Wish me luck.

* * *

**UPDATE:** The tag pages are FIXED B) Normally I avoid touching the `public` folder as it is automated, but since the one particular folder wasn't being updated (that being the `/tag` folder) I deleted that. Then I closed everything down, reset my computer, and opened everything up again. And 11ty decided to be nice again lmao. So now we have working tag pages! :D

So here's my new to-do list:
- Make a CSS rule that prevents margins from stacking when headings are right next to eachother. If you were to check the blog title and tag list right now, you'd see an akward spaceing between them. Having a margin below every heading is needed, as the margins for every other element assume they'll have this space. But having some margin space above is also needed due to the tape graphics. So, I just need to make them not stack - which is possible! Just need to double check the MDN docs for how to do this.
- Fix the headings in every blog post so the tags don't skip from H1 straight to H3. That will. Take a while.
- New shrine. Hopefully. Eventually. The code is actually done already, I just need to tweak it and add images and stuff.
- Change how tabs are handled in the Link Hoard. Which will be a Whole Thing(tm).