---
title: PIKMIN SHRINE DONE
description: I have finally, FINALLY, finished the Pikmin shinre. I have been working on this thing off and on for well over a year. And, uh, when you see the amount of infodumping I have done you will see why it took so long. Anyways I want a shorter post today that I can write in 20 min tops so I'll just ramble about my thought process behind the shrine. 
date: 2025-08-17 12:00:00
tags: siteupdates
---
## Tags: [Site Updates](/blog/tag/site-updates)

It's week three of [Blaugust 2025](https://nerdgirlthoughts.game.blog/2025/07/10/blaugust-2025-is-coming/)! I'm not going with any particular theme, just taking this chance to build back the habit of writing blog posts on a semi-regular basis. 

And I have finally, FINALLY, finished the Pikmin shinre. I have been working on this thing off and on for well over a year. And, uh, when you see the amount of infodumping I have done you will see why it took so long.

Anyways I want a shorter post today that I can write in 20 min tops so I'll just ramble about my thought process behind the shrine. 

One of Pikmin 4's menus exists in-universe as a tablet your character uses. So, I wanted to re-create the look of that spesific menu. Just the look; it doesn't behave 100% the same, as that would require more CSS tomfollery than I'm comfortable with at this time. Especially sense I'd have to make those behaviors work on all screensizes... uh, no thanks. Besides, the side bar not constantly moving around is porbably better for a website anyways. Probably.  

The look isn't super accurate on mobile, as the menu was designed for TVs. The background image also kept breaking on mobile and had to be replaced with a gradient, but honestly the background image is so subtle I don't think you would have noticed the lack of one if I hadn't told you. The shrine does *work* on mobile though, and that's what counts. Should also be easy to navigate with a keyboard, though I'll admit I'm not the best judge of this. 

Um, the entire shrine is in one page as well. I want all my shrines to be just one page, but the Pikmin shrine absoluetly pushes this limit RIP. If it gets too big, I'll start to break it down into smaller peices, and it'll probably become my only multi-page shrine. It may also, in the future, get a special page based on a very silly idea my friend had. An idea that is best done with JavaScript, because I don't hate myself. In short, I have a section dedicated to tracking how many pikmin I have grown and killed. He suggested to have a page that shows a little grave stone for every dead pikmin. The page would have a warning to screen reader users for what is to come, and a chance to back out early, but I think this is halarious in a really dark sort of way.

Hm, yeah, not sure what all else to say. The shrine is just me infodumping and screaming and also bragging a little about my single most favorite thing ever. You can find it [on its shrine page](/shrine/pikmin#map) if you wanna go look at it. No end of blog site checklist this week, as it is identical to last week sans pikmin shrine.

Next is getting Linux installed on this laptop that has no right to be alive after suffering severe water damage.

... oh boy.