---
title: November 2025 summary
description: A Very short summary this time, including stuff like clay and flip phone adventures!
date: 2025-11-30 12:00:00
tags: monthlysummaries
---
## Tags: [Monthly Summaries](/blog/tag/monthly-summaries)

This month's monthly summary is much shorter. To be brutally honest (while also keeping details minimal lol) this month was one of my worst ones in terms of dealing with depression symptoms. I managed to do some things near the end, but otherwise it was a lot of bed-rot and videogame YouTube. So I only have a few bullet points for "did" and a whole *one* for "watch" (as I like to keep it limited to actually interesting stuff and not Minecraft Video #589). Nothing for read or listened so... yeah lol. 

So in no particular order! 

I did bust out the air dry clay again after years of not using it. I'm surprised that tub is still good. A little tough, but perfectly usable. I've been using it to make little trinkets so far, which I then paint over with acrylics (another medium I haven't touched in forever). It's been fun! My techniques certainly are not perfect, but I've enjoyed the little critters that now dot around my room. 

Speaking of doing stuff again; Pikmin 4 had an update that made me replay it. It was a simple thing, added difficulty options and a camera. It also added a new "collectible" in the form of decor pikmin you can find scattered around the map. And, of course, these tie into Bloom. Why wouldn't they? And yeah, mobile apps bad, yadda yadda, but this one tricks me into doing exercise. So the Pikmin 4 update getting me to play Bloom again is probably a good thing. I went on a whole two walks *outside* before the weather got too nasty for me to keep doing it. But I went outside!!! And did walks!!!!! And now I have more idiot carrot children to show for it :D I also got the 4th Anniversary Badge, which you got from walking 30k steps from the 22nd to the 30th. What it being on my profile doesn't tell you is that I grinded the last 14k steps in the last 4ish hours of the event. 

Yes, my body was on fire by the end. No, the badge does nothing. It is a goddamn PNG that sits on my profile that will vanish whenever the servers die. I love my idiot carrot children very much. 

Lastly: when I went to Thanksgiving I was given my grandpa's old flip phone. And by "given" I mean I saw it and asked if it worked and he said "I don't know, take it if you want". And thus a shiny, gently used LG 441G was mine. I've been meaning to get my paws on a flip phone for many reasons and now I finally have one, yay! But it can't connect to a computer via cable, boo! The manual basically says that all file sharing stuff has to happen over wifi, bluetooth, or SMS so. It might be possible to mod this thing to allow for cable-based file sharing, but I don't know enough about this stuff to say if its possible or worth it. I may just buy a different flip phone that I've had my eye on instead...

I only have one thing listed here, so uh. here it is: [Making Purple Gold](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6Pcp944sRI) — Funny chemistry video about making a gold alloy that is urple. Watched with my friends late one night, good time. 