---
title: October 2025 Summary
description: Includes stuff like LibreWolf bug fixes, Cringetober, and future plans talk.
date: 2025-10-31 12:00:00
tags: monthlysummaries
---
## Tags: [Monthly Summaries](/blog/tag/monthly-summaries)

Didn't mean for this to be this month's only post. Oops.

Anyways, this one is shorter, as this month was mostly dedicated to job hunting and planning for potential moves that have no real dates :D exciting! 

I've also been doing [Crigetober](https://www.tumblr.com/icryink/793525090588475392/welcome-to-cringetober-2025) all month long, and that also took priority over maintaining my notes for this monthly recap. Basically, its daily drawing challenge that I. Kinda did daily. All themed around things usually considered "cringey" or that are otherwise mocked online across the ages (some things here are not really mocked anymore, but here just a few years ago). I did the vast majority of these, save for a few I had no ideas for, and made them all themed around Pikmin. Because I could. I was running behind in posting, so not all are up yet, but you can see my cringetober doodles [on my Tumblr](https://the-grubdog.tumblr.com/tagged/cringetober) (links to the tag I used). Most were done on draw pile, and after a while I started to use a mouse too. Why? 

Uh. It's what I got.

I'll eventually put all of these into an art gallery on this site as well. When I make that gallery. Eventually. 

SPEAKING OF! I'm making plans for a gallery and slight site redesign. More like a recoloring and re-texturing. I want my site to be PURPLE. Because I like PURPLE. I'd also like to use different textures for the background and maybe the content "boxes", but we'll see about that. Other tweaks may also occur in the process. Right now, I'm just trying to decide what I want my order of operations to be: do I want to recolor first? Add a gallery first? Or overhaul the code first? As the code is in desperate need of being made into something that's much more efficient. 

Let's see here... I also messed with Linux and LibreWolf and I feel smart for it, even if what I did is fairly simple. With Linux, I made an altered version of the Breeze Dark theme that's dark purple. 

For LibreWolf... uh, it has a very interesting bug that, as far as I can tell, only happens on devices running Kubuntu. It'll cause any website where the default font is some variant of "system UI" (or basically, "this site has no font, use the font the user prefers") to render with weird spacing and numbers that look like emojis. *This* happens because the top most/"default" font in all categories in the file `/etc/fonts/conf.d/56-kubuntu-noto.conf` is `Noto Color Emoji`. That's the one with weird spacing and emoji numbers and that hurts my brain :( So uh yeah I got to go into the configuration file and move where that font was in every. Single. Category. Just to fix this bug and make sites readable by default. 

I mean, I could have also made it to where sites couldn't use their font at all, which also fixes this issue while only needing me to flip a switch, but I like seeing fun fonts on the indie web like 85% of the time. So honestly going into the configuration was preferable lol.

I also feel smart for having my site not on an Amazon machine. Becuase their server services died this month. good job, I'm sure that having half the internet on those metal boxes will have no consequences (it did, my one friend who works at Disney World talked about how they couldn't clock in/out because of the outage, nor keep track of guests in the park. AND THAT'S *DISNEY*.)

Hmm, I wanna do something else now. Imma wrap this up quick. I did an interview this month, not for a job, but for research. A project on the internet and ads. That was fun! I also finally played my silly car game for therapy this month. As a game, it's terrible. Clunky controls, mind numbingly boring... as a therapy tool? It's exactly what I need. $2 well spent.

## Read
[The Least Amount of CSS for a Decent Looking Site](https://thecascade.dev/article/least-amount-of-css/) - what it says in the title; plain HTML is already responsive and decently accessible (though not perfect in the later case!), and over engineering with CSS is what can cause a lot of issues. If you just want simple and easy for everyone, this is a good place to start!

[The Internet Just Broke - But Not My Website](https://riri.my/posts/the-internet-just-broke---but-not-my-website) - yeah remember me mentioning Amazon servers dying???? Riri explains why having like half the internet on one company's servers is a bad thing, actually. Long live the small web.

Acts 1 - most of 4 of Homestuck - So yeah I did watch that Homestuck pilot last month. It was okay. Flawed but fun. What it mainly succeeded in was making me want to read the og Homestuck. So I did B) Or started to, anyways. Oh, the actual website is super broken rn thanks to the comic being very old + flash being dead, so you'll want to use the Unofficial Collection.

## Watched 
[I Tried Designing My First Linux UI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prG9xFkvlNg) - UI/UX designer switches to KDE and immediately begins making design changes. Led me to make my desktop purple.

[Beta 64 - Pikmin 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6j2i8bBqL2s) - Pikmin 4 development history, AKA why you clearly communicate with your audience folks.

[Stress, Portrait of a Killer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYG0ZuTv5rs) - Assigned "reading" by my therapist, just goes over all the fun ways Stress can mess up your body. Very good watch though, highly recommend.